# CART263

For this project, the purpose was the create something that would remind the user of the essay "Something is Wrong on the Internet".  This prompt was a bit more challenging since there were many more factors to think of when reading the essay but this prompt made me feel more determined and passionate about creating something compared to the previous project.  I decided to use jQuery, Annyang and responsiveVoice to create this project.  

I wanted the main attraction of my project to be a creepy voice that wants to make money.  Considering that I was using a responsive voice library, it could say anything that you typed and I used that aspect to my advantage to make something a bit creepier to the player.  I managed to create this voice that calls he player by name.  Playin around with variables and adding them into the text where I wanted someone's name to be said really brought out the eeriness of obeying what this voice has to say.  

With having an eerie voice that says your name ready, I started getting ideas of what I can do with it in a project.  I settled with an idea of the user helping this voice to choose the content that will make money for him.  The concept was very simple.  the user has two buttons to choose from, one with content that should not be for kids but makes the most profit, and the other button being good things but gives little happens and a loss of profit.  Coding the buttons, keeping track of the scores and the differentiation of the buttons were all things that I had a hard time with when executing the project.  Showing random buttons after every click was where the Slamina example helped me to get this working.  The buttons acted very glitchy when clicking on them, it wasn't until I looked over my code did I see that Profit and Happiness were treated as the same thing when being clicked on and I needed to refine my code to make them act differently.  This was the main problem I faced when getting things to work but it felt rewarding when everything was solved.  

Overall I am pleased with the project I have created.  I enjoy working on projects with elements of dark themes and the prompt really challenged my abilities to create something where I can express my creativity with eerie themes.  I exercised in my project how no matter the content that is put online, the main goal is always to make money.  If it means creating something that will scar the frail viewers, anything with clickbait titles will receive profit no matter how immoral.  It really shows a different side of society when it comes to greed and self gain.  I feel like my project expressed the desperation to earn money without thinking of those who look at the content.  

"Something is Wrong on the Internet" was a great read that challenged me to create something with JavaScript code and I felt that it really opened up my creativity and brought back a happiness in me to create more.  
