# CART263

For my first coding project, I decided to use jQuery and jQueryUI to execute the idea for my code.  The purpose of the project was the create something that made the user think of the Greek myth Sisyphus.  The prompt was simple enough for me to help come up with simple ideas for it and also to let me be more creative since this project requires us to work from scratch and not start from an issued template like before.  

When me and my classmates were starting to lean the jQueryUI library in class, the simplicity of the code made it seem to straightforward to use with an easy and accessible documentation to get more information on it.  The jQuery library gave me a way where I can execute my ideas as easy as possible.  The drag and drop functions as well as using CSS and HTML to organize and create assets for my project was exactly what I needed to start creating my code.

The first prototype was simple.  I started by creating my two main classes, my square and the base.  I wanted it to work where if the square was dragged on the base it would disappear.  I managed to execute the first part of what I wanted perfectly.  I set up 5 red squares which were draggable and a base.  Next, I made the draggable squares disappear when dropped on the base.  After taking a break to figure out how to execute the next part I came up with counting how many of the squares I had on the page.  With the counter complete and working I was able to implement an if statement where the page would completely reload upon having no squares at all visible.  

My favorite part about working on this project was working on the array.  I wanted a random message to display every time the page reloaded.  In order for this to work I needed an array.  Arrays were something I was uncomfortable with in the past.  Working with one from scratch helped me understand them better in how they are basically used and executed.  It was my favorite part because I learned something with them and having the array work with a random and creating text was enjoyable considering we didn't look at arrays in class.  
