# CART263

Project 3 was probably the hardest project to start.  COVID-19 had a huge impact on my work where I have been spending most of my time since the beginning of the shutdown and it has affected my work performance and ability to focus.  Even though this was a problem, I managed to get it done on time and create something I was passionate about making.  

I started thinking about what I wanted to do.  I knew that I really enjoyed using the responsive voice and Annyang libraries so I wanted to do something with that.  I got the opportunity to replay Mass Effect and always felt engaged with characters.  I thought it would be interesting to do a dialogue system like in the game for my project.  I chose to have my project centered around talking with an AI because I wanted to see if it would feel like talking with a character you connected in a game with.  Once set on the idea, I didn't want all of my dialogue to be the same every time.  I thought it would be nice to choose who to talk with (Either Maria or Roy) and they would have different interests based on movies, games and where they would want to go in the world.  

The inspiration for the names of my characters came from the movies Metropolis (1927) and Blade Runner (1982).  I originally wanted to name my character Hel, after the robot that represents the inventors love from Metropolis but the name was a bit too evil.  I decided to go with Maria, the character that the robot in the movie transforms into.  Maria was a softer name and more inviting like the character.  I named Roy after the antagonist in Blade Runner.  Roy wants more life, to be more human so I thought it would have been a great fit to give him that name.  With my characters named, it felt like you were talking to two different AIs for they presented themselves differently when choosing them.  

The process of creating dialogue options and different responses was the hardest part of this project.  I worked mainly on paper, writing different trees and branches based on what the player chooses to say.  Seeing the process on paper made it look like an easy project and looked quite long.  Once implemented into the code, my dialogues felt short.  I did not see that as a bad thing though.  It gave me experience with story and narration design that it shed a light on the complexity of story branches and gave me a lot of experience.  

As much as I thought this was the hardest project because of what has been going on in the world, this was a very rewarding project.  It weirdly gave me someone to talk to and get to know.  For a long time I've been wanting to try story branching and this project delivered.  This project gave me a lot of experience in this field and inspired me to create more branching in stories.  As this was my first time, the next branching project I do will be easier.  
